Dad, please help Su Jiang
What do you think your dad has?
I begged my grandfather to tell my grandmother
I only got one ticket to Shenhao's wedding
The Zhang family is already burning high incense
Where the hell am I going to get another one?
But I don't promise others, it's your business if you promise
I didn't say yes.
And do you really plan to be with
The girl from the Su family got married
Don't forget I sent you to die
Get the Su family's factory in Nanshanping
I'm a bastard helping the Su family
quiet
Isn't there no invitation? What are you panicking about?
Little brother, your accent is also local, right?
I am Su Zhenghuo, the chairperson of Su's Group
I came here on purpose today
Wancheng boss's wedding
What? Su Group?
Never heard of it?
Never heard of it, never mind.
You'll find out later.
Because we
Comfort Group has obtained the qualification to settle in Wanqiang
Ah, sooner or later, stop, stop
I'll ask if you have Sister Ting, little brother
Your little problem
Do I need you this money?
Who are you scolding?
What do you want?
believe it or not
Kill you now
hero
OK